so
i would like to ask
a question about gods
and about um
strange-looking people
especially about mitchums and giants
um because now the people who's ruling
us doesn't look like giants or mitchums
even like no they're english
yeah even english queen is looks like an
old lady like a normal old lady that you
can meet down the street american
presidents tend to be very tall they're
actually very few american presidents
who weren't over six feet tall which is
actually kind of remarkable
so you
think it's still uh
there's still a little bit left yeah
yeah i mean there's all these rules
about who could become a president like
in the 19th century you had to have a
beard in the 20th century you can't have
a beard
um you have to be very tall clean-shaven
have a few other obvious physical
features um
so there are kind of rules but in a way
politicians are supposed to be imposing
but a little bit bland
so do you think we come back to
normality
like we want to see like normal
average person and then we attribute
kinship
king's qualities to them well the
interesting thing about kingship is it's
still a little random someone once said
that
one of the reasons why the monarchy is
so popular in here in the uk
um
is because they're the only celebrities
that can't do something you can't do in
a sense that like most of the people who
you see on tv who are profiled who live
these luxurious lives
have something going for them that sets
them apart from everyone else in the
sense that you know either they're
talented they can play sports well
they're musicians uh maybe they're very
rich
and uh but if so they're usually assumed
to have achieved something
anyway they're not just some random
person taken off the street or they're
very beautiful
um
whereas you know the queen
really doesn't have anything going for
prince charles they're just might as
well just had a lottery grab some person
off the street and said okay
we'll give you all the money and the
power um and in a way
you know they're not particularly
beautiful they're not particularly smart
they're not particularly anything um
and and
thus
it's it's they're kind of the gods of
the lower middle class you know